today either workout I'm going to be
doing is covering the whole arm section
my step tricep and also a good form for
standing would be to make sure that your
body is not Rocking
first of all sleet is in a nice stable
position I would say shoulder width
apart I tend to rotate my hips forward
and also keep my shoulders and chest
upright in doing that that stops you
from pushing your shoulders forward and
engaging your deltoids in which case
you'll take the isolation move away from
the visor the variations in holding the
bars would be the closer grip we'll be
working on their full and lengthening of
the of the curl and working on the long
head of the bicep the long heads more
concentrated on overall fitness of the
arm for those who want to get a thicker
arm and then you want to basically just
have a more narrower grip so I'll be
showing how you come all that and
obviously body positioning and the wider
the grip should be concentrating more in
the shorter heads which gives our
overall pay peak on the bicep good form
for skull crusher would be to make sure
that your your elbow is faced in front
first of all to make sure also that your
your wrists aren't too too floppy or
you're holding it nice and firm the
reason why it's called the skull crusher
is if you get it wrong then you pretty
much lose in your head so you don't want
to go too heavy on that and it is how
you form the exercise as well
you know you need to perform it the
correct way in order to make sure you
hit in the right part if the elbows are
not in the right place then you'll end
up hitting your shoulders or your chest
so I think form on that is really
important
wrist curls covers the flat part forearm
is pretty much the only thickness of the
forearm and basically super setting that
with reverse wrist curls which covers
the top part of the forearm by doing
four arms it gives that overall
aesthetic build it looks so much better
to say you've got good arms would mean
you've got good buys good tries and good
forearm some guys just do hammer curls
which is alright
however is good to isolate each muscle
group to make sure you're concentrating
on that you know look at the individual
detail like when doing any other body
part you can do compound exercises which
is you know great precise however
creating that little detail makes that
this different they have different is
especially you know if you're on a stage
for instance you can you can see the
difference between someone who
takes the extra care on certain
particular areas